Update sql-server-connector-maintenance-troubleshooting.md (#7662)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/security/encryption/sql-server-connector-maintenance-troubleshooting.md

- login.microsoftonline.com/*:443
- *.vault.azure.net/*:443

Additionally, checking the certificate revocation list may create http traffic on port 80. 

 > [!NOTE]

>  > Using the SQL Server Connector for Azure Key Vault behind a firewall or proxy server can impact peformance if traffic is delayed or blocked. Familiarize yourself with [Access Azure Key Vault behind a firewall](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/blob/main/articles/key-vault/general/access-behind-firewall.md) to ensure the correct rules are in place. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > Using the SQL Server Connector for Azure Key Vault behind a firewall or proxy server can affect performance if traffic is delayed or blocked. Familiarize yourself with [Access Azure Key Vault behind a firewall](/azure/key-vault/general/access-behind-firewall) to ensure the correct rules are in place. 

```

- login.microsoftonline.com/*:443
- *.vault.azure.net/*:443

> Additionally, checking the certificate revocation list may create http traffic on port 80. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, checking the certificate revocation list might create HTTP traffic on port 80. 

```
Style edits
